Spectacular -- first Captain Flynt’s bandits attack, THEN Claptrap shows up! I must have been horrifyingly cruel to puppies in a previous life to deserve this kind of treatment. I say, Vault Hunter -- could you kill Flynt’s men for me?  
Apologies, but when Claptrap speaks, I feel my brain cells committing suicide, one by one. I shall be out directly.  
A pleasure to meet you, Vault Hunter. I am Sir Hammerlock --  
At your service.  
I see our fearless leader Jack is looking for you. Charming fellow, isn’t he? Spouts drivel about bringing peace to the frontier, then shoots unarmed men, women and children like it was going out of style. Bah -- I’m spouting exposition again, aren’t I? Apologies!  
Now, I need only connect this to this, and…  
oh, dear, he's talking again.  
I'm standing right here, dude.  
Come on -- work, curse you! Ah, fecal matter -- the bounty board's broken. The resistance must have disconnected it before they left for Sanctuary. I'd planned to post some jobs for you. Ah well - just speak to me instead!  
I came out here to research the Bullymongs for my almanac, but Captain Flynt's men trapped me on this glacier. Many thanks for disposing of them, by the way -- to survive a direct run-in with Handsome Jack AND defeat Captain Flynt's bandits? Unheard of. I’m headed to Sanctuary, myself -- from what I hear, the Crimson Raiders there could use a hero like you.  
Please stay back, Vault Hunter - let Claptrap go first.  
Vault Hunter! How good to see you again. Thanks to the thorough drubbing you delivered upon Captain Flynt, I was able to leave the Southern Shelf and get back to the business of finishing my almanac. Would you care to help me out?  
If this is the end, Vault Hunter, let me say -- it was a pleasure to have known you!  
Onward, Vault Hunter! I have the utmost faith that you shall give Jack a most vicious drubbing! Vengeance HOOOOOO!  
Well, my old friend -- I wish you the best. May you return from your quest with handsome blood on your hands, and a smile on your face!  
Do you see my hat? It is the hat of a gentleman. And yet, it’s missing something -- some je ne sais quois. I think some bullymong fur might do the trick, if you could bring me some. To harvest Bullymong fur, you’ll need to rrrip it from their hides with your bare hands -- just weaken a Bullymong with gunfire, then finish him off with fisticuffs!  
I apologize, I wasn’t clear enough -- you see, you’ll need to kill the Bullymong with a melee attack in order to harvest its fur. Sure, you could try to steal the fur from a bullymong’s dead body, but where’s the fun in that? Blatantly unreasonable requests, ho!  
A stunning riposte! Now, collect the fur -- in addition to making for spectacular hat decoration, I shall study the fur for my almanac about the creatures of Pandora.  
Spectacular fisticuffsmanship!  
Ooh -- a crushing blow!  
I overheard Claptrap asking you for the Bullymong fur you’re collecting. As I fear he would do something irredeemably stupid with it, like make a mohawk out of it or something, let me sweeten the deal: if you bring me the fur, I shall give you one of my finest sniper rifles.  
A trillion thanks, Vault Hunter! You’ve helped a foolish old man look far more badass than he deserves. (beat.) I’m referring to myself, of course.  
You gave the fur to Claptrap? Suppose I can't blame you -- the lure of a shotgun is not easily resisted. No hard feelings, chum!  
These ECHOs shall be most enlightening!  
Handsome Jack killed her, did he? Shame -- a real shame. Please, return the ECHOs to me whenever you are capable of doing so.  
Some foolish types find Varkids ugly. They're so elegant -- beautiful creatures. Lovely. I long to see one transform.  
Lovely creatures. Beautiful creatures.  
Yes! You've killed the creature that removed my various limbs! I feel...well, slightly underwhelmed, to be honest. Mayhaps vengeance isn't all it's cracked up to be. Still, not your fault. Retrieve my arm and return at your leisure!  
Give me a moment, if you would -- I require some privacy.  
Oh dear. That might be the worst music ever recorded.  
Of course, I forgot -- the safehouse power box stopped working after Claptrap attempted to...integrate with it.  
Protection from bullets, ho!  
Welcome to Blackburn Cove, where Captain Flynt's men relax after a long day of murder and arson! Just raise the bridge to gain entry, and don't get shot to death.  
So, how goes the gunsmanship?  
Hello, mercenary person! I have money, and a problem.  
Greetings! Do you feel you have too many bullets but not enough money?  
Hullo! Things need to be shot, and by jove, you're the one to shoot them!  
Regrettably, I cannot hire you to exterminate things. Perhaps later.  
I say!  
Quite interesting, that.  
What's all this, then?  
What rubbish.  
ha HA!  
There are an awful lot of bosoms around here.  
This may be the most raucous public house I've ever been to.  
What on earth is that smell? Anyone -- anyone smell that? No? Just me. Right.  
Excuse me, madam! You, with the makeup -- could I have some lager, please? (Beat.) Completely ignored. Wonderful.  
Is that Moxxi woman staring at me again? Fancies me, I fear. Poor girl's barking up the wrong tree.  
Ah, I knew my faith was not misplaced!  
Please, tell me of your success!  
I'm sorry. Should I pay you up front? Not terribly well-versed in mercenary relations, I'm afraid.  
I see you're admiring one of my many scars! Yes, I've seen my fair share of danger – the odd skag ambush here, a stalker mauling there. Really gives one an appreciation for the creatures of this planet. And a...hateful desire to wipe them all out.  
You need not hesitate, friend: I assure you, you will be fully credited in the dedication page of my almanac once it is published. To...your name, it will say, without whom this book would not be as incredibly well-written and popular as it is, and whose refusal of any and all subsequent royalties for their part in the book's production was very much appreciated. It'll be a very long page.  
Your continued efforts against Handsome Jack are an inspiration! Had I still the constitution for it, I'd be right alongside you on the battlefield.  
I'm still trying to decide on cover art for my almanac. I'm torn between a oil painted image of myself, leaping over a Bullymong with a rifle in one hand and a book in the other, or the same image, except the Bullymong is also exploding. Decisions, decisions.  
I remember when my father first brought me to Pandora. I was six years old, and had used colorful language in polite company. Father thought it proper to abandon me here for a month to teach me the error of my ways. It was rough going at first, but after I throttled my twentieth skag into submission, I grew to enjoy the place.  
I must say, you vault hunters are of considerable interest of me. I shall have to write a book on you one day. "Hunting the Vault Hunters," I shall call it, "by Sir Hammerlock." And beneath that will be an image of you and I high-fiving over Handsome Jack's corpse. It'll be lovely.  
Are you admiring my hat? If not, you should be.  
Indecision, ho! 
No no no -- knock the crystals off with your melee weapon, then shoot the body. Good lad.  
"Hammerlock," you're asking, "how can you call the crystalisks lovely, then ask me to kill them?" Simple -- the beauty of a creature can only be truly seen in its survival instincts. When a creature is nearest to death, you see how alive it can be. If you think that a slightly psychopathic worldview, no worries -- you wouldn't be the first!  
Wonderful. Absolutely wonderful.  
Have you heard of these things called...Varkids? Allegedly, the buggers -- that's a pun, you see -- will morph if they take enough damage. Could you take this evolutionary injector, please?  
No no -- you musn't kill it before it transforms.  
AHH IT'S DISGUSTING KILL IT KILL IT KILL IT!  
Good lord, that was hideous. Please, bring me a sample of that Varkid's corpse, if you would. If we're to defend against these buggers -- there's that pun again -- we must know all we can about them.  
I realize we zoologists are meant to respect all of nature's creatures, but come on. Bugger looked like a pus-filled scab with wings.  
"Bully-mong". Rubbish name, isn’t it? I’d like a better one before my almanac goes to print. Search some Bullymong bone piles, will you? I'll learn something about their diets, and come up with a catchier name for the beasts.  
Hrm -- it seems Bullymongs use those mounds to dispose of their refuse. That suggests a primate-level intelligence -- that's it! I shall call them primal beasts! I'll run it by my publishers -- in the meantime, blow up some Primal Beasts with grenades, would you? See how the new name works for you.  
What if we called them Ffferovores? Because they’re the most ferocious creatures I’ve ever seen, and I say that having watched a tyrant rip my arm from its socket. Repressed memories, ho! I’ll have to run it by my publishers -- in the meantime, loot a few Bullymong piles so I can learn about their diets.  
Rrgh! My publishers despise “Primal Beast.” Bloody uncultured...alright, what about Ffferovores? They’re the most ferocious creatures I’ve ever seen, and I say that having watched a Thresher rip my arm from its socket. Repressed memories, ho! Anyway, take the new name for a spin -- shoot some of the Ferovore's projectiles out of the air, see how the name thrills you.  
Bloody balls! “Ferovore” is trademarked! RRGH! Sod it! I’m so sick of coming up with names for -- you know what? “Bonerfart.” All of the -- that’s right, we’re calling them “Bonerfarts” now. Just kill a few of them, or something. I do not care anymore.  
My publisher says I can’t call them “Bonerfarts.” (sigh) Maybe Bullymong’s not so bad, after all. Come on back.  
"Bullymong"'s still rubbish, but I'll come up with something better before I launch the almanac. I'm certain I will.  
You’re wondering why I don’t go out into the field. The answer is Old Slappy. A thresher that nearly killed me. Science demands I forgive it. Vengeance demands I kill it. Today, my friend, you will be my vengeance.  
Take my hand.  
Old Slappy removed several of my limbs the last time we met. One hopes the scent of my extremities will bring him out of hiding -- make him eager to finish the job, as it were. Plant my hand outside Slappy’s lair in the highlands.  
That’s right, Slappy. You smell it, don’t you? That’s the scent of a gentleman.  
Beware Slappy's tentacles -- you can blast them in half, but they'll regenerate sooner or later!  
The eyes! Go for the eyes!  
Vengeance, ho!  
Scientifically, murdering Old Slappy was probably a bad idea. Vengeance...istically, I thank you for your help.  
Those Crystalisks are right bastards, aren't they? Scientific term. If you could find out just what got up the Crystalisk's collective bum and made them so cross I'd be willing to pay you a pretty Penny. Metaphorically. I'll be paying you a great deal more than a Penny, it's just a saying I'm fond of. Off to the Caustic Caverns with you!  
Well, that was rather dark. Please return to me at your earliest convenience.  
Did I - did I ever do my whole "man is the real monster" speech for you? Comes to mind.  
An old boyfriend of mine, name of Taggart, was hired to wipe out the Stalker population a while back. He also, adorably, tried to write a book about his adventures in the Highlands. You find the chapters of his book, and I'll plagiarize the living daylights out of them for mine. Win-win-win, as they say! Nobody says that. I say it.  
Eaten, was he? Suppose there's a lesson to be learned in all of this. He who attempts to fight nature will?get?eaten. Sounded much more poignant in my head. Apologies.  
Would you like to do battle with a midget riding piggyback on a bullymong? If the answer is yes, please proceed to the Southern Shelf and defeat Midge-Mong for me. If the answer is no, you are sad, and I’ve no desire to speak with you further.  
Ah -- what an unlikely symbiotic relationship -- two deadly creatures cooperating to survive this harsh environment! Also, the midget looks like a little human backpack, and that’s funny.  
Wonderful! That fracas was most helpful to my studies on Bullymong social structures. Return to the bounty board at your earliest convenience.  
Exemplary!  
The town’s nearly clear. You go, girl, as they say. Does anyone say that anymore? I apologize.  
Please make Captain Flynt’s death as prolonged as possible, would you? Quite the douche, he is. 